docs: Create a Hardware Integration index page (#2634)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/hardware-integration/boards-shields-keymaps.md

The foundational elements needed to get a specific keyboard working with ZMK can be broken down into:

- A [physical layout](physical-layouts.md) that describes the electrical and physical structure of the keyboard, referring to:
  - A [kscan driver](../../config/kscan.md), which most frequently uses `compatible = "zmk,kscan-gpio-matrix"` for GPIO matrix based keyboards, or `compatible = "zmk,kscan-gpio-direct"` for direct wires.
  - A [matrix transform](../../config/layout.md), which defines how the kscan row/column events are translated into logical "key positions".
  - An [optional description](physical-layouts.md#optional-keys-property) of physical key positions and sizes, in order to visualize the keyboard accurately in [ZMK Studio](../../features/studio.md).
- A [keymap](../../keymaps/index.mdx), which binds each key position to a behavior, e.g. key press, mod-tap, momentary layer, in a set of layers.
- Other, optional configuration items for features such as encoders or lighting systems.

These core architectural elements are defined per-keyboard, and _where_ they are defined depends on the specifics of how that keyboard is built.

> For an overview on the general concepts of boards and shields, also see the [FAQs on boards and shields](../../faq.md#why-boards-and-shields-why-not-just-keyboard).

Reviewer: I think it might be nice to move that info here and linking here from FAQ, or extracting the relevant text into files and importing it into both. Depends on whether we make hardware integration a top level section.

Author: Good point, I'll have a look at pulling that information in here. I think it'd be fine to link to this page from the FAQ in that case.

Author: I pulled the board/shield definitions here but left the "why" in the FAQ, seemed to fit better there. I summarized the why in a sentence in the intro.

## Self-Contained Keyboard

For a [self-contained keyboard](../../hardware.mdx#onboard) that includes the microprocessor, all of the above architecture components are included in the Zephyr _board_ definition. You can see an example for the [Planck V6](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/tree/main/app/boards/arm/planck) board directory.

> With this type of keyboard, the full ZMK definition for the keyboard exists in the `app/boards/<arch>/<keyboard_name>` directory, e.g. `app/boards/arm/planck/`.

Reviewer: I think some rephrasing to account for both in-tree and out-of-tree definitions would be good here.

Author: Addressed in the new version, although not in a very fundamental way.

In that directory you'll have the following files, where there can be multiple `<board_name>`s, corresponding to each keyboard part for [split keyboards](../../features/split-keyboards.md):

> - A `Kconfig.board` file that defines the toplevel [Kconfig](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.5.0/build/kconfig/index.html) items for the board, including which SoC Kconfig setting it depends on.

Reviewer: Should this link to our configuration index page instead?

Author: I initially did that but it doesn't seem to talk about *what* the Kconfig symbols are, but mostly how they are set in `.conf` files. I don't think the Zephyr page is great either, though.

- `<board_name>.dts` which contains all the devicetree definitions[^1], including but not limited to:
  - An `#include` line that pulls in the specific microprocessor that is used, e.g. `#include <st/f3/stm32f303Xc.dtsi>`.
  - Kscan, matrix transform and physical layout devicetree nodes as described above
  - A [chosen](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.5.0/build/dts/intro-syntax-structure.html#aliases-and-chosen-nodes) node including `zmk,physical-layout` property among others, where each property references the nodes defined in the file.
- A `board.cmake` file with CMake directives for how to flash to the device.
- A `<keyboard_name>.keymap` file that includes the default keymap for that keyboard. Users will be able to override this keymap in their user configs.

[^1]:
    Parts of these files can live in separate `.dtsi` files (typically in the same directory) that are then `#include`d in the files, to reduce duplication or improve organization.
    For instance, a shared `<keyboard_name>.dtsi` file is used for split keyboards that contains devicetree definitions that are shared across keyboard parts.

## Composite Keyboard

> Keyboards that require a (usually Pro Micro compatible) add-on board to operate are [composite keyboards](../../hardware.mdx#composite), where the ZMK integration pieces are placed in the _shield_ definition for that keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keyboards that require a add-on board to operate are [composite keyboards](../../hardware.mdx#composite), where the ZMK integration pieces are placed in the _shield_ definition for that keyboard.
```
I think there are enough xiao keyboards out there now that this mention of pro micro should be removed.

> This allows users to swap in different boards that use the same interconnect (e.g. Proton-C, or nice!nano) and build a firmware the matches their actual combination of physical components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows users to swap in different boards that use the same interconnect (e.g. pro micro rp2040, or nice!nano) and build a firmware the matches their actual combination of physical components.
```
Think this serves as a better example
